>> Kyle Simpson: Let's take
a look at destructuring.
I'm gonna start with this left and
right layout.
And on the left-hand side,
I'm gonna try to keep up at least as much
as I can throughout this discussion.
I'm gonna try to have
on the left-hand side,
the old pre-destructuring equivalent.
And then on the right-hand side I'll
show you the destructuring equivalent.
And the reason for that is I want you
to get a sense that destructuring has
a processing model to it.
I want you to be able to
think like the destructuring,
because that will help you work through
the various syntactic differences.
If you can always think about,
what would the equivalent have been
if I wasn't using destructuring?
That will help you predict the outcomes.
So I'm gonna try to show you
those examples side by side so
that you can learn what it is replacing.
It will also help you when you're looking
at pattern matching through your code to
look for
places to replace with destructuring.
Now you'll be able to identify
those a little more clearly.
So let's imagine that we have a function
that is gonna return us some values.
And since I'm not
a terribly creative person,
I'm just gonna have it return
us some numbers, okay?
It's gonna return us some numbers.
And I would normally be
grabbing this data and
assigning it off into a variable that I
didn't particularly care about, like tmp.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then I would be
assigning off the individual element
values into variables
that I do care about.
Like for example I might say,
first = temp [0], and second =
temp [1], and third = temp [2].
So first would be value 1, second would
be value 2 and third would be value 3.
So that's the imperative approach,
what's the destructuring approach?
Same data function that returns
us an array of 1, 2, 3.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now we don't really
need to
>> Kyle Simpson: Make
a temporary variable to hold it.
Because in the previous example we didn't
even really care about temporary variable.
We don't need a temporary variable, so
we're just gonna immediately say here's
the pattern of what I'm
expecting to get back.
So I'm gonna declare here, but this is
not actually related to declarations,
this is related to assignment.
Here I'm just making them at
the same time as assigning them.
So I’m going to say a var, and
then I’m gonna open up a square brackets.
And then on the right-hand
side I'm gonna call data.
So that square bracket is my pattern,
because it’s on the left-hand
side of an equals.
For readability's sake,
I'm gonna go ahead and
keep these on multiple lines, with
nesting, and indentation, and so forth.
And I'm gonna strongly
recommend that you do the same.
I've seen a lot of examples of
people using destructuring, and
they put it all on one line.
And then the line is 15 miles long, and
it completely defeats the whole purpose
of having declarative, readable code.
If our purpose is to make readable code,
use things like new lines and
white space to make them more readable.
They are free and they are helpful.
So I'm gonna then say, in that first
position of the array I'm expecting
whatever that value is to end up
getting assigned to the first variable.
And then the second position of the array,
index 1,
assign it to a variable called second.
And the value in position
three to the third element,
assign it to the variable third.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that is
the equivalent destructuring pattern,
where we did it imperatively
on the left-hand side.
If I were to take off the number
3 from this left-hand side,
what would we expect the third
variable here to have in it?
>> Kyle Simpson: We're referencing index
2 of an array that only has an index of
zero and one.
What would we expect this to give us?
>> Class: Undefined?
>> Kyle Simpson: Undefined, right.
That is exactly the same thing as what
we're going to get out of destructuring.
If our destructuring pattern indicates
something that doesn't exist,
then it just gets assigned undefined.
>> Kyle Simpson: What would
happen if I had a value here and
then I had an extra value, and we didn't
account for it on the left-hand side?
>> Kyle Simpson: Nothing,
just gets ignored.
Exactly the same thing is true here.
We have these numbers.
The number 1, 2 and 3 are accounted for,
the number 4 is not accounted for.
No big deal, it just gets ignored.
>> Kyle Simpson: What
if it was possible for
one of these positions to
come back as undefined?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well then,
second would be undefined, right?
Even though that index exists,
the value is undefined.
I could type undefined there or
not type undefined, but
either way we're expecting
that that value is undefined.
So what would happen with the second
variable is that it would just be holding
the undefined variable,
the undefined value.
The same is true over here.
But what happens if I don't
want it to be undefined?
If it's undefined I want to
apply some sort of default.
Well the way we would typically define
a default would be to use a ternary
operator.
So we'd say something like temp
of 1 not equal to undefined,
and then we would say temp of 1
>> Kyle Simpson: Or, and
then we'd provide a default back up for
it, like the number 10.
>> Kyle Simpson: So what is the equivalent
of doing this ternary for our second?
The equivalent is to use
the default value expression.
>> Kyle Simpson: And that applies
to any of those element positions.
You can apply a default to any
of those element positions.
It is important to note that
exactly like over here,
if I used null what would
the variable second be?
>> Class: Null.
>> Kyle Simpson: It would be null,
not the value 10.
It would be null because null is not
undefined in a strict equal sense.
So it's important to understand
that the default value
expression only picks up
when there's an undefined.
It just doesn't kick in in the place where
there's a null or an empty string or
a false or something.
So it is not a loose quality
check with undefined,
it's a strict quality
check with undefined.
>> Kyle Simpson: Here, the same thing,
second would be null not 10.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, what if this array,
let's go back to the case where
it's got some values in it.
What is this array had several
other values in it and
I couldn't predict how
many values it had in it?
But I basically just kind of
wanted all of them to have to
be collected up into an array.
So I didn't have any defaults anymore,
we'll go back to this.
And what if we just had those values,
like in this case, the four and the five?
I don't know and I can't even
predict how many there are, but
I'd like to collect all
of them up into an array.
What would that look like?
Well, on the left-hand side,
we could have done that imperatively,
by creating a variable called fourth.
And we would need to take a slice of
this array, starting at position 3.
So we'd have to say tmp.slice,
starting at position 3.
And now fourth would be the array 4 and 5.
>> Kyle Simpson: And if had 6 and 7 and
8 it would include those as well.
In our destructuring patterns,
similar to our function signatures,
we can use the gather syntax.
It's sometimes referred
to as the rest syntax.
We can use the dot dot dot operator
to gather everything else up into
an array called fourth.